README.md, before:

# ProgressiveWebAppWithAngular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added server and move web code to client

README.md, after:


### [Demo](https://ecommerce-clothing-react-app.herokuapp.com)

This project was ecommerce react app (https://github.com/bharatpatil21/ecommerce-clothing-react-app).

## Available Scripts

### `git clone https://github.com/bharatpatil21/ecommerce-clothing-react-app`

Clone repo with gitbash and cmd.<br />

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run server`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `cd client; npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!


## Sample images

|<img src="client/src/assets/app-image/home-page.PNG" height="250" width="400">|<img src="client/src/assets/app-image/shop-page.PNG" height="250" width="400">|
|<img src="client/src/assets/app-image/signin-page.PNG" height="250" width="400">|<img src="client/src/assets/app-image/cart-popup.PNG" height="250" width="400">|
|<img src="client/src/assets/app-image/check-out-page.PNG" height="250" width="400">|
